feat(Navigation): Add Documentation Section Navegation (#19)
dd3tech/dd360-components-docs: docs/navigation/anchor.mdx

---
product: dd360-ds
title: React Anchor component
components: Anchor
---

<br />
<br />

# <span name="floating-nav">Anchor</span>

With the Anchor component you can create links with customizable properties and support for custom components.

<br />

> ## <span name="floating-nav">Imports</span>

Reviewer: You can import by path too, like this:

```js
import Anchor from 'dd360-ds/Anchor'
```
And i think should recommend to users to use this alternative because they can reduce the bundle of the application

<WindowEditor codeString="import { Anchor } from 'dd360-ds'" />

## <span name="floating-nav">Usage</span>

<ContainerComponentDoc className="flex items-center">
    <Anchor to={'/docs/navigation/anchor'}>This is an example</Anchor>
</ContainerComponentDoc>

<WindowEditor

>     codeString="import { Button, ButtonGroup } from 'dd360-ds'

Reviewer: You forgot import the component 🤔 😄

>         <Anchor>This is an example</Anchor> "

Reviewer: Don't forgot the props like: `as` and `to`

/>

<br />

#### <span name="floating-nav">To</span>

> With the props to you can redirect to the url you need

Reviewer: we need wrap the name of the prop to improve the visibility. Like we have on the `getting-started` section

```suggestion
With the prop `to` you can redirect to the url you need
```

And please, remove the word `s` from the props

<ContainerComponentDoc className="flex items-center">

>     <Anchor to={'/docs/navigation/anchor'}>This is an example with the props to</Anchor>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <Anchor to='/docs/navigation/anchor'>This is an example with the props to</Anchor>
```

</ContainerComponentDoc>

<WindowEditor
    codeString={`import { Anchor } from 'dd360-ds'

> <Anchor to="/docs/navigation/anchor">This is an example with the props to</Anchor>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Anchor to="/docs/navigation/anchor">This is a link!</Anchor>
```

`}/>

<br />

> #### <span name="floating-nav">LinkComponent</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### <span name="floating-nav">as</span>
```

> With the LinkComponent prop you can add the Link of react router dom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `as` prop you can pass other component to represent it, like `Link` from `react-router-dom`
```

---
product: dd360-ds
title: React Anchor component
components: Anchor
---

<br />
<br />

# <span name="floating-nav">Anchor</span>

With the Anchor component you can create links with customizable properties and support for custom components.

<br />

## <span name="floating-nav">Imports</span>

> The first alternative is recommended since they can reduce the application package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first alternative is recommended since they can reduce the application budle.
```

With the prop <span className='border border-gray-300 bg-gray-200 p-1'>to</span> you can redirect to the url you need

<ContainerComponentDoc className="flex items-center">
    <Anchor to="/docs/navigation/anchor">This is an example with the prop to</Anchor>
</ContainerComponentDoc>

<WindowEditor
    codeString={`import Anchor from 'dd360-ds/Anchor'

<Anchor to="/docs/navigation/anchor">This is an example with the prop to</Anchor>
`}/>

<br />

#### <span name="floating-nav">As</span>

With the prop <span className='border border-gray-300 bg-gray-200  p-1'>as</span> you can add the Link of react router dom.

<ContainerComponentDoc className="flex items-center">
    <Anchor to="/docs/navigation/anchor">This is an example with the prop as</Anchor>
</ContainerComponentDoc>

<WindowEditor
    codeString={`import Anchor from 'dd360-ds/Anchor'
import { Link } from 'react-router-dom'
    
<Anchor as={Link} to="/docs/navigation/anchor">
    This is an example with the prop as
</Anchor>
`}
/>

<br />
<br />

## <span name="floating-nav">API Reference</span>

<CustomTableDocs
    dataTable={[
        { title: 'as', default: null, types: ['ComponentType<any>'] },

>         { title: 'LinkComponent', default: null, types: ['React.ComponentType<LinkProp>'] },

Reviewer: This was deleted
```suggestion
```
